OBSDOCS-675: Clean up logging installation CLI docs (#67450)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-deploy-es-cli.adoc

====
+
Elasticsearch is a memory-intensive application. By default, {product-title} installs three Elasticsearch nodes with memory requests and limits of 16 GB. This initial set of three {product-title} nodes might not have enough memory to run Elasticsearch within your cluster. If you experience memory issues that are related to Elasticsearch, add more Elasticsearch nodes to your cluster rather than increasing the memory on existing nodes.

ifdef::openshift-origin[]
* Ensure that you have downloaded the {cluster-manager-url-pull} as shown in "Obtaining the installation program" in the installation documentation for your platform.
+
If you have the pull secret, add the `redhat-operators` catalog to the OperatorHub custom resource (CR) as shown in *Configuring {product-title} to use Red Hat Operators*.
endif::[]

* You have administrator permissions.
* You have installed the {oc-first}.

.Procedure

. Create a `Namespace` object as a YAML file:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: openshift-operators-redhat <1>
  annotations:
    openshift.io/node-selector: ""
  labels:
    openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true" <2>
----

> <1> You must specify the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace. To prevent possible conflicts with metrics, you should configure the Prometheus Cluster Monitoring stack to scrape metrics from the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace and not the `openshift-operators` namespace. The `openshift-operators` namespace might contain community Operators, which are untrusted and could publish a metric with the same name as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> You must specify the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace. To prevent possible conflicts with metrics, consider configuring the Prometheus Cluster Monitoring stack to scrape metrics from the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace and not the `openshift-operators` namespace. The `openshift-operators` namespace might contain community Operators, which are untrusted and could publish a metric with the same name as
```
![Screenshot from 2023-12-18 15-21-55](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/b0ecd922-016f-4a53-a554-e2bc86106b42)

ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
 a ROSA
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-dedicated[]
 an {product-title}
endif::[]

> metric, which would cause conflicts.

Reviewer: `metric` ?

Author: I don't think so, seems like singular. "a ROSA metric", "an OCP metric"

<2> String. You must specify this label as shown to ensure that cluster monitoring scrapes the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace.

. Apply the `Namespace` object by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

. Create an `OperatorGroup` object  as a YAML file:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: openshift-operators-redhat
  namespace: openshift-operators-redhat <1>
spec: {}
----
<1> You must specify the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace.

. Apply the `OperatorGroup` object by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

. Create a `Subscription` object to subscribe the namespace to the {es-op}:
+
.Example Subscription
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: elasticsearch-operator
  namespace: openshift-operators-redhat <1>
spec:

>   channel: stable-y.z <2>

Reviewer 2: I think this should be channel: stable-x.y

  installPlanApproval: Automatic <3>
  source: redhat-operators <4>
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
  name: elasticsearch-operator
----
<1> You must specify the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace.

> <2> Specify `stable`, or `stable-y.z` as the channel. See the following note.

Reviewer 2: Same here. 
channel: stable-x.y

specify the name of the `CatalogSource` object created when you configured the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).
+
[NOTE]
====
Specifying `stable` installs the current version of the latest stable release. Using `stable` with `installPlanApproval: "Automatic"` automatically upgrades your Operators to the latest stable major and minor release.

Specifying `stable-x.y` installs the current minor version of a specific major release. Using `stable-x.y` with `installPlanApproval: "Automatic"` automatically upgrades your Operators to the latest stable minor release within the major release.
====

. Apply the subscription by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----
+
The {es-op} is installed to the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace and copied to each project in the cluster.

.Verification

. Run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -n --all-namespaces
----

. Observe the output and confirm that pods for the {es-op} exist in each namespace
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]

> ----

Reviewer 3: As 5.5 will be offline soon, how about use 5.8.1 as example?

oc get csv  --all-namespaces
NAMESPACE                                          NAME                            DISPLAY                            VERSION          REPLACES                        PHASE
default                                            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
kube-node-lease                                    elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
kube-public                                        elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
kube-system                                        elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
non-destructive-test                               elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
openshift-apiserver-operator                       elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
openshift-apiserver                                elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
```
oc get csv  --all-namespaces
NAMESPACE                                          NAME                            DISPLAY                            VERSION          REPLACES                        PHASE
default                                            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
kube-node-lease                                    elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
kube-public                                        elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
kube-system                                        elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
non-destructive-test                               elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
openshift-apiserver-operator                       elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
openshift-apiserver                                elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.1   OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator   5.8.1            elasticsearch-operator.v5.8.0   Succeeded
